<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
"concept.dtd">

<concept id="install_notes" xml:lang="en-US">
  <title>Installation notes</title>
  <conbody>
  
  <p>Prerequisites for <wintitle>Remote Assignments</wintitle> module installation:</p>
  
  <ul>
    <li>Teacher computer must have a working installation of <wintitle>Dialog Nibelung</wintitle> (requires license)</li>
    <li>Student computers must have a working installation of <wintitle>Dialog Nibelung NPlayer</wintitle> (freely distributed)</li>
  </ul>
  
  <p>Installation of the <wintitle>Remote Assignments</wintitle> module is performed in a standard way. The are no additional setup actions required on the teacher side. Students will need to perform a one time setup of their module before the first run, see section <xref keyref="std_menu"/> for further details.</p>
  
  <p>A <menucascade><uicontrol>Remote Assignments</uicontrol></menucascade> menu item will appear in the menus of <wintitle>Dialog Nibelung</wintitle> (teacher module) and <wintitle>Dialog Nibelung NPlayer</wintitle> (student module) upon successful installation of the <wintitle>Remote Assignments</wintitle> module.</p>
  
  <note type="attention">An internet connection is generally required for <wintitle>remote Assignments</wintitle> module to work properly. However, once the students have downloaded their assignments, they can continue working on them offline (if the assignment materials do not require internet access).</note>

  <note type="important">The <wintitle>Remote Assignments</wintitle> module must be installed on each computer of the students participating in the remote learning program.</note>

  <note type="attention">An active <uicontrol>Subscription</uicontrol> (see <xref keyref="subscription"/>&#160;) is required for the school to use the <wintitle>Remote Assignments</wintitle> module.</note>

  </conbody>
</concept>