<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
"reference.dtd">
<reference id="installation_notes" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>Post install notes</title>

    <refbody>

        <section>
            <title><wintitle>Windows Media Player 10</wintitle> installation</title>
            <p><wintitle>Windows Media Player 10</wintitle> or higher is required to operate <wintitle>Dialog Nibelung</wintitle> media player. <wintitle>Windows Media Player 10</wintitle> is included on the <wintitle>Dialog Nibelung</wintitle> installation disk for your convenience. Run <filepath>\WMP\MP10Setup.exe</filepath> from the installation disk to install <wintitle>Windows Media Player 10</wintitle> if it is missing from your system.</p>
        </section>

        <section>
            <title><wintitle>Windows Firewall</wintitle> setup</title>
            <p><wintitle>Dialog Nibelung</wintitle> must be included in the exceptions list of your <wintitle>Windows Firewall</wintitle> setup. Usually the <wintitle>Firewall</wintitle> will offer you to create this exception during first launch of the software. We recommend to double check if the following exceptions have been created for <wintitle>Dialog Nibelung</wintitle>:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>on the teacher workstation: <filepath>NibelungUI.exe</filepath></li>
                <li>on student workstations: <filepath>NibelungClient.exe</filepath> and <filepath>NibelungHelper.exe</filepath></li>
            </ul>
            <p><wintitle>Windows Firewall</wintitle> exception list can be found under:</p>
            <ul>
                <li><p>Windows XP:</p> 
                    <p><menucascade><uicontrol>Start</uicontrol><uicontrol>Control Panel</uicontrol><uicontrol>Windows Security Center</uicontrol><uicontrol>Windows Firewall</uicontrol><uicontrol>Exceptions</uicontrol></menucascade></p></li>
                <li><p>Windows Vista и 7:</p> 
                    <p><menucascade><uicontrol>Start</uicontrol><uicontrol>Control Panel</uicontrol><uicontrol>System and Security</uicontrol><uicontrol>Allow a program through Windows Firewall</uicontrol></menucascade></p> <p>or</p> <p><menucascade><uicontrol>Start</uicontrol><uicontrol>Control Panel</uicontrol><uicontrol>Windows Firewall</uicontrol><uicontrol>Exceptions</uicontrol></menucascade></p></li>
                <li><p>Windows 8/10:</p> 
                    <p>в окне поиска введите слово "firewall", а затем выберите <uicontrol>Windows Firewall</uicontrol>, выберите пункт <uicontrol>Allow an app or feature through Windows Firewall</uicontrol>, нажмите кнопку <uicontrol>Change settings</uicontrol> (требуются права администратора), а затем внизу нажмите <uicontrol>Allow another app...</uicontrol> и добавьте приложение Диалог Nibelung в список</p></li>
            </ul>
            <p>Some anti-virus software may also issue warnings regarding <wintitle>Dialog Nibelung</wintitle>. You will have to create appropriate exceptions and/or add it to the list of trusted software as well.</p>
        </section>

        <section>
            <title>Audio interface setup</title>
            <p>The sound quality directly depends on proper setup of your computer audio interface (whether internal or external).</p>
            <p>Setup procedures vary greatly between different sound cards. Below are the just the general guidelines to help you to achieve optimal sound quality.</p>
            <ol>
                <li>Disable the <uicontrol>Stereo Mixer</uicontrol>. Whenever stereo mixer is enabled, your conversation partners will hear their own voice, which can be distracting.</li>
                <li>Adjust the microphone gain. Voice can get distorted and an echo may appear when microphone gain is too high.</li>
                <li>Enable microphone noise reduction. This function may or may not be present, depending on the type of your sound card.</li>
                <li>Only enable those capture and playback streams that are necessary. Usually that will be <uicontrol>Playback</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Microphone</uicontrol> streams for playback and <uicontrol>Microphone</uicontrol> stream for the recording. Disable all other streams.</li>
            </ol>
            <p product="nibelung">Please see section <xref keyref="setup_pc"/>&#160; of this user guide for further information on audio setup.</p>
            <p>For <wintitle>Windows 7</wintitle> without the <wintitle>Service Pack 1</wintitle> we highly recommend installing Windows Update <wintitle>KB 981679</wintitle>. You can find it on the <wintitle>Dialog Nibelung</wintitle> installation disk under the <filepath>\KB\</filepath> folder. You can also download it from Microsoft Support at <xref scope="external" href="http://support.microsoft.com/kb/981679">http://support.microsoft.com/kb/981679</xref>.</p>
        </section>

        <section>
            <title>Miscellaneous tips</title>
            <ol>
                <li>Simultaneously press <userinput>Ctrl + Alt</userinput> on your keyboard and right click of the window title to enter setup menu of the <wintitle>Dialog Nibelung</wintitle> student module. The student module has to be launched with the administrator privileges to change its settings.</li>
                <li>In Windows Vista, 7, 8 and 10 (with UAC enabled), right click on the software icon and select <uicontrol>Run as Administrator</uicontrol> to launch a program with administrator privileges.</li>
                <li>If the teacher module would not launch after the installation, we recommend to launch it at least once with administrator privileges.</li>
                <li>For day to day operations, we highly recommend running the teacher module <b>without</b> the administrator privileges for security reasons.</li>
                <li>In Windows Vista, 7, 8, and 10 in some cases it is recommended to disable the <wintitle>TCP/IPv6</wintitle> protocol in Network Connection Properties.</li>
                <li>When applying Windows Updates application software like <wintitle>Dialog Nibelung</wintitle> may become unstable. Close application software, finish installation of all updates, and restart the computer.</li>
            </ol>

            <note type="important"><wintitle>VirtualBox</wintitle> virtualization software installed on the same computer may interfere with audio and video streaming. If this is the case, try disabling <wintitle>VirtualBox Host-Only Ethernet Adapter</wintitle> in the network adapter list.</note>
        </section>

    </refbody>
</reference>
